Improvement in User Account part (#560)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: account/notifications.md

failed) were always sent to the owners of an application, namely the user
themselves or the organization's members.

> To disable the result e-mails or restrict it to only some application :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the deployment result e-mails or restrict it to only some applications:
```

> 1) Go in **Organization Manager** > **Notifications** panel.

Reviewer: Same here for the list

2) Delete the hook named *Default deployment result

> e-mails*.

Reviewer: I think you can drop the line break

all events via the Websocket API. No more lost events and having to reconnect
to the websocket if and when it fails.

To create a webhook stay on the **Notifications** panel:
1. Click on **Webhooks** button at the top of the Notifications window.
2. Add a new one.
3. Choose the URL which will receive the data through a *POST* request and the format it will be sent as.

> 4.  

Reviewer: I think this item can be dropped

all events via the Websocket API. No more lost events and having to reconnect
to the websocket if and when it fails.

To create a webhook stay on the **Notifications** panel:

> 1) click on **Webhooks** button at the top of the Notifications window.

Reviewer: Same for the list here. You are also missing a uppercase at the start of the sentence

3) Add a new one.
4) Choose the URL which will receive the data through a *POST* request and the format it will be sent as. 

> As of now, you can choose between 3

Reviewer: I think you can also drop the line break here
